c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Shuffle.dll.config
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Shuffle.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Shuffle.pdb
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\obj\Debug\Shuffle.dll
c:\users\steven\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\obj\Debug\Shuffle.pdb
C:\Users\Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Steven\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Shuffle\Shuffle\bin\MongoDB.AspNet.Identity.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Shuffle.dll.config
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Shuffle.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Shuffle.pdb
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\MongoDB.AspNet.Identity.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\obj\Debug\Shuffle.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\obj\Debug\Shuffle.dll
C:\Users\Coding\Documents\GitHub\shuffle\Shuffle\obj\Debug\Shuffle.pdb
